[IAM-5672] add information about supported SAML claims in the new SSO (#2383)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/basics/sso/setting-up-sso.md

### SAML Claims

> Sauce Labs Service Provider currently supports the following SAML custom claims:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sauce Labs Service Provider supports the following SAML custom claims:
```

- `first_name`
- `last_name`

> These attributes can enhance user identification and personalization within Sauce Labs. The above attributes are optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Incorporating these attributes can improve user identification and personalization within the Sauce Labs platform. These attributes are optional.
```
